Suspend qubole provider (#33889)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow/providers/SUSPENDING_AND_RESUMING_PROVIDERS.rst

As of April 2023, we have the possibility to suspend individual providers, so that they are not holding
back dependencies for Airflow and other providers. The process of suspending providers is described

> in `description of the process <https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/main/PROVIDERS.md>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in `description of the process <https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/main/PROVIDERS.rst#suspending-releases-for-providers>`_
```
